1. Question Number Composting
is nature's way of recycling.
composting blodegrades organic waste. i.e. food waste, 
manure, leaves, grass
trimmings, paper, wood, feathers, 
crop 
residue etc., and turns it into a valuable organic 
fertilizer. In 
agriculture, green manure is created by 
leaving uprooted' or sown crop parts to wither on a 
field so that 
they serve as a mulch and soil amendment.end of solution
2. Question Number The second law of motion gives 
us a method to measure the force acting 
on an object as 
a product 
of its mass and acceleration. While 
catching a fast moving cricket ball, a fielder in the ground 
gradually pulls his hands backwards with the moving 
ball. Thus, the rate of 
change 
of momentum of the 
ball will be large. end of solution 
3. Question Number Cross breeding is the process of breeding 
with the intention to create offspring that share the traits 
of both parent lineages 
or to produce an animal with 
hybrid vigour (the improved or increased function of 
any 
biological quality in a hybrid offspring). end of solution
4. Question Number Tides are the rise and fall of sea 
levels caused by the combined effects of the 
gravitational forces exerted by the Moon and the 
Sun, and the rotation of the Earth. end of solution
5. Question Number Because while the body moves in a 
circular path its velocity at a point is along the 
tangent drawn from that point which gives rise to
the Centrifugal force and in the case of a satellite the 
centripltal force is given by the gravity 
of the earth 
and centrifugal force is given by its velocity. end of solution
6. Question Number Because when the body moves in a 
circular path its velocity 
at a point is the 
along 
tangent drawn from that point gives rise to the 
centrifugal 
force and in the case of a satellite the 
centripital force is given by the 
gravity of the earth 
and centrifugal force is given by its velocity.
end of solution
7. Question Number This is because the atmospheric 
carbon dioxide is fixed through 
natural processes like 
photosynthesis by plants and chemo-blo synthesis by 
marine animals. The 
inorganic 
carbon compounds 
are converted to organic carbon compounds and later 
assimilated by living organisms. The current amount 
of CO2 about 409 ppm is already higher than normal 
levels. Hence reduction of co2 is encouraged to the 
prevention of globalwarming. end of solution
8. Question Number Symbiosis is any type of a close and 
long-term biological interaction between two different 
biological organisms, be it mutualistic, commensalistic 
or parasitic. The organisms, each termed a symbiont, 
maybe of the same or of different species. end of solution
9. Question Number Parasitism is a relationship between 
two 
things in which one of them (the parasite) does.
benefits from or lives off of the other, like fleas 
on your dog. Parasitism and its root, parasite, come 
from para- meaning 
"beside" or "next to," and sito, 
meaning 
"bread or 
food." end of solution
10. Question Number The term saturated solution is used 
in chemistry to define a solution in which no more 
solute can be dissolved in the solvend. It is really 
understood that saturation of the solution has been 
achieved when any additional substance that is added 
results in a solid precipitate or is let off os 
a gas. Solubility, is a chemical property referring 
to the ability for a given Substance, the solute, 
to dissolve in a solvent. It is measured in the 
terms of the maximum amount of solute dissolved 
in a solvent at equilibrium. Certan substances 
are soluble in all proportions with a given 
solvent, such as ethanol in water.


