1----when are hops added to the brewing process?	After mashing , the beer wort is boiled with hops ( and other flavourings if used ) in a large tank known as a " copper " or brew kettle – though historically the mash vessel was used and is still in some small breweries . The boiling process is where chemical reactions take place , including sterilization of the wort to remove unwanted bacteria , releasing of hop flavours , bitterness and aroma compounds through isomerization , stopping of enzymatic processes , precipitation of proteins , and concentration of the wort . Finally , the vapours produced during the boil volatilise off - flavours , including dimethyl sulfide precursors . The boil is conducted so that it is even and intense – a continuous " rolling boil " . The boil on average lasts between 45 and 90 minutes , depending on its intensity , the hop addition schedule , and volume of water the brewer expects to evaporate . At the end of the boil , solid particles in the hopped wort are separated out , usually in a vessel called a " whirlpool ".-----10,,...2----what does the word china mean in chinese?	The names of China include the many contemporary and historical appellations given in various languages for the East Asian country known as Zhongguo in its official language . China , the name in English for the country , was derived from Portuguese in the 16th century , and became popular in the mid 19th century . It is believed to be a borrowing from Middle Persian , and some have traced it further back to Sanskrit . It is also generally thought that the state of Qin that later formed the Qin dynasty is the ultimate source of the name , although there are other suggestions.-----5,,...3----where is the world s largest ice sheet located today?	The Antarctic ice sheet is the largest single mass of ice on Earth . It covers an area of almost 14 million km and contains 30 million km of ice . Around 90 % of the Earth's ice mass is in Antarctica , which , if melted , would cause sea levels to rise by 58 meters . The continent - wide average surface temperature trend of Antarctica is positive and significant at > 0.05 C / decade since 1957-----4,,...4----who lives in the imperial palace in tokyo?	The Tokyo Imperial Palace  is the primary residence of the Emperor of Japan . It is a large park - like area located in the Chiyoda ward of Tokyo and contains buildings including the main palace  , the private residences of the Imperial Family , an archive , museums and administrative offices.-----4,,...5----where does the last name hogan come from?	Hogan is an Irish surname . If derived from the Irish Gaelic , Ó hÓgáin , it is diminutive of Og meaning " young " . If it is derived from Cornish , it means " mortal " . This youthful definition of the name is also reflected in the Welsh , where Hogyn means stripling . The word Hogen means high in Dutch .-----5,,...6----who is the author of the book arabian nights?	The work was collected over many centuries by various authors , translators , and scholars across West , Central , and South Asia and North Africa . The tales themselves trace their roots back to ancient and medieval Arabic , Greek , Indian , Jewish , Persian and Turkish folklore and literature . In particular , many tales were originally folk stories from the Abbasid era , while others , especially the frame story , are most probably drawn from the Pahlavi Persian work Hezar Afsan , which in turn relied partly on Indian elements.-----5,,...7----how many episodes in season 2 breaking bad?	The second season of the American television drama series Breaking Bad premiered on March 8 , 2009 and concluded on May 31 , 2009 . It consisted of 13 episodes , each running approximately 47 minutes in length . AMC broadcast the second season on Sundays at 10 : 00 pm in the United States . The complete second season was released on Region 1 DVD and Region A Blu - ray on March 16 , 2010.-----4,,...8----where is blood pumped after it leaves the right ventricle?	From the right ventricle , blood is pumped through the semilunar pulmonary valve into the left and right main pulmonary arteries ( one for each lung ) , which branch into smaller pulmonary arteries that spread throughout the lungs.-----4,,...9----where is the bowling hall of fame located?	The World Bowling Writers ( WBW ) International Bowling Hall of Fame was established in 1993 and is located in the International Bowling Museum and Hall of Fame , on the International Bowling Campus in Arlington , Texas.-----4,,...10----who played will on as the world turns?	William " Will " Harold Ryan Munson is a fictional character on the CBS soap opera As the World Turns . He was portrayed by Jesse Soffer on recurring basis from September 2004 to March 2005 , after which he got a contract as a regular . Soffer left the show on April 4 , 2008 and made a brief return in July 2010.-----5,,...