1----Why is the monsoon considered a unifying bond?	Despite variations in temperature conditions across India, a sense of unity is imposed by the monsoon. The seasonal alteration of the wind systems and the associated weather conditions provide a rhythmic cycle of seasons that binds the entire country.-----3,,...2----How is human resource different from other resources like land and physical capital?	Human resource makes use of other resources like land and physical capital to produce an output. The other resources cannot become useful on their own. This is the reason why human resource is considered to be superior to the other resources.-----3,,...3----Modern farming methods require more inputs which are manufactured in industry. Do you agree?	Traditional farming methods involve the use of relatively low-yielding seeds, which require less water for irrigation. Farmers following the traditional methods use cow dung and other natural manure as fertilisers. All these elements are readily available with the farmers. This makes them less dependent on industrial output.
Modern farming methods, on the other hand, involve the use of high-yielding variety seeds. These seeds require a combination of chemical fertilisers and pesticides, agricultural implements like tractors, and proper irrigation facilities like electric tube wells to produce the best results. All these elements are manufactured in industries.-----5,,...4----How did the spread of electricity help farmers in Palampur?	The spread of electricity in Palampur transformed the system of irrigation in the village. Persian wheels gave way to electric-run tube wells, which reduced the dependence of the farmers upon rainfall, and enabled larger areas of land to be irrigated. By mid-1970s, the entire cultivated area of 200 hectares was irrigated. This improvement in irrigation allowed farmers to grow three different crops in a year, thereby ensuring that the cultivable land was being used for producing the maximum possible output.-----5,,...5----Explain briefly the factors which led to the enclosures in England. 	The factors that led to the enclosures in England were primarily profit-based. When wool prices rose in the sixteenth century, rich farmers began to enclose the best pastures of common lands for their own cattle. Later, in the mid-eighteenth century, the British Parliament passed 4000 Acts legalising these enclosures which had earlier been an individual, and not state, enterprise. Enclosures came into being to enhance grain production since England’s population was booming. Also, industrialisation and war needs made foodgrain prices soar, making it necessary to take steps to increase its production. They were also important for long-term investments on land and to plan crop rotations for maintaining soil fertility.-----5,,...6----Discuss the mechanism of monsoons.  	The differential heating and cooling of land and water.The shift of the position of Inter Tropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ) in summer over the Ganga plain.
The presence of high pressure area, east of Madagascar over the Indian Ocean. The intensity and position of this high pressure area affects the Indian monsoon.
The Tibetan plateaus gets intensely heated during summer resulting into strong vertical air currents and the information of low pressure over the plateau.
The movement of the westerly Jet Stream to the north of the Himalayas and the presence of the tropical easterly Jet Stream over the Indian Peninsula during summer. The meteorologists have found out a seesaw kind of relationship between the meteorological changes going on over the Pacific and the Indian Ocean. Whenever there is high pressure in the subtropical region of the Pacific Ocean in the northern hemisphere, the pressure in the south of Indian Ocean tends to be low and vice-versa. This is known as the ‘Southern Oscillation’ or SO which causes the shifting of winds across the equator in different directions. Besides the above facts, some other events such as ElNino, ENSO etc. are also connected to the mechanism of monsoons.-----7,,...7----Give an account of weather conditions and characteristics of the cold season.  	Weather conditions and characteristics of cold season :
The cold season begins from mid-November till February. The temperature decreases from south to north. The average temperature of Chennai is between 24°-25°Celsius, while in the northern plains, it is between 10°-15°Celsius.
December and January are the coldest months in northern parts of India. The weather is marked by ‘ clear skies, low temperature, low humidity and variable winds.
Days are warm, nights are cold. Higher areas of Himalayas experience snowfall. North-East Trade winds blow over the country. They blow from land to sea. For most parts of the country, it is dry season. Tamil Nadu gets rain from these winds, here they blow is from sea to land.
Western Disturbances (cyclonic disturbances) move into India from the Mediterranean Sea and blow over northern and North-westem parts of India. They cause much needed winter rains over the northern plains and snowfall in the Himalayas. The total amount of rainfall is about 70 cm.
The peninsula region does not have a well-defined cold season. Due to the moderating influence of the sea, there is not much noticeable seasonal changes in temperature pattern in winters.-----7,,...8----Explain the powers of President of India?  	There are some fixed Duties & powers of the President of India which he has to execute for the welfare of the country.
The Indian President has to appoint the Prime Minister of India. The President also appoints the Council of Ministers and with the Prime Minister's advice he/she distributes the portfolios to the Council of Ministers. 
The President of India has Executive, Judicial and Legislative powers. Some of the Legislative powers of the Indian President are:
The president summons both the Houses of the Parliament and prorogues them.
Can dissolve Lok Sabha.
The president uses powers with the help of council of ministers.
Executive powers of a president are:
The president is responsible for a number of appointments.
President appoints prime minister the person most likely to command the majority of Lok Sabha.
The President then appoints the other members of the Council of Ministers, distributing portfolios to them on the advice of the Prime Minister.
The Judicial powers of president are:
The president appoints the Chief Justice of the Union Judiciary and other judges on the advice of the Chief Justice.
The President enjoys the judicial immunity. No criminal proceedings can be initiated against him/her during his/her term in office.-----7,,...9----Why are the wages for farm labourers in Palampur less than minimum wages?  	Though the minimum wage fixed by the government for a farm labourer is Rs 60 per day, farm labourers in Palampur get paid much less, about 35 to 40 rupees a day. The reason for this is the competition for work among the agricultural labourers in the village. Knowing that supply is much more than the demand, they themselves agree to work for wages that are lower than minimum wages. The large farmers too exploit this condition of excess supply, and force labourers to work for low wages. The use of modern agricultural implements like tractors, threshers and harvesters also reduces the amount of agricultural labour required. This further intensifies the competition among the labourers looking for jobs.-----7,,...10----What are the different ways of increasing production on the same piece of land? Use examples to explain.	Multiple cropping and the use of modern farming methods are the two common ways of increasing production on the same piece of land. Multiple cropping involves growing more than one crop on a piece of land during the year. For example, farmers in the western parts of Uttar Pradesh practise multiple cropping. During the rainy season (kharif), they grow jowar and bajra. These plants are used as cattle feed. It is followed by the cultivation of potato between October and December. In the winter season (rabi), fields are sown with wheat.The other way of increasing yield is by adopting modern farming methods. Modern farming methods involve the use of high-yielding variety seeds, irrigation, and chemical fertilisers and pesticides to produce maximum output from the same piece of land. The high-yielding varieties of seeds produce much greater amounts of grain on a single plant than the traditional varieties. As a result, far larger quantities of food grains can be produced from the same piece of land.-----7,,...