1----Education is an essential part of our lives. We are nothing without knowledge, and education is what separates us from others. The main step to acquire education is enrolling oneself in a school. School serves as the first learning place for most of the people. Similarly, it is the first spark in receiving an education. My school is my second home where I spend most of my time. Above all, it gives me a platform to do better in life and also builds my personality. I feel blessed to study in one of the most prestigious and esteemed schools of the city. In addition, my school has a lot of assets which makes me feel fortunate to be a part of it. In this essay on my school, I will tell you why I love my school and what my school has taught me. Education is an essential part of our lives. We are nothing without knowledge, and education is what separates us from others. The main step to acquire education is enrolling oneself in a school. School serves as the first learning place for most of the people. Similarly, it is the first spark in receiving an education. My school is my second home where I spend most of my time. Above all, it gives me a platform to do better in life and also builds my personality. I feel blessed to study in one of the most prestigious and esteemed schools of the city. In addition, my school has a lot of assets which makes me feel fortunate to be a part of it. In this essay on my school, I will tell you why I love my school and what my school has taught me.-----2----God created teachers on his sixth day of his overtime. Tecahers should have touched the lives of many children.-----3----Teacher must be at their students' level. He must be able to do 180 additional things which are not related to their subject. He must be able to communicate his vital knowledge to all the students daily. He must have more time for others than for himself.-----4----People find orlamdo attractive because he is young, brave and ill treated.-----5----It shows the banished duke, develops his character and routes interest in him and his fortunes.-----6----“One pair is to see whether a student is doing pnd what others have to labeled them. The Second pair is the pair of eyes which is at the back of the teacher’s head to watch what should not be seen, but what must be known. The third pair is the eyes in the front which is only to look at the child ‘acts out’ in order to reflect, “I understand and I still believe in you”, without saying a word to the child.”-----7----For the joy and pride watching a child accomplishes even it’s the smallest task to do. It is done for the loneliness of children who have a hard time to fit in it to compassionate feelings of their parents. This has been done when a teacher had to left the class and to say good bye to his students and get ready to welcome a new class.-----8----They were so poor that they could not buy gifts to celebrate Christmas. They were in a helpless condition. At lastl they decided to sell their beautiful valuable things to earn money to buy gifts for each other. It was a sign of great love and sacrifice for each other. Though their gifts were humble yet they seemed to contain all the wealth into them.-----9----Mini walked into her father's room and began 'Dad our sentry Ramdayal doesn't even know how to pronounce the word "crow." He is so backward' . She launched herself into another topic, 'See, dad, bhola was saying that when elephants lift water with their trunks and spray it from the sky, it rains. Dear, oh dear! Bhola can speak such nonsense. He can rant day and night, without making any sense!' Without waiting for her father's reply, she asked him the next question, 'Dad, who is Mum to you?' There was no connection between the three questions that she asked her father. Her father mentions in the beginning of the story that Mini liked to talk all day long. It took her about a year after being born to acquire the talent for language, and since then she had not wasted a single wakeful moment of her life remaining silent.-----10----These lines have been taken from the poem, The Heart of a tree by Henry Cuyler Bunar. The poet comments on the advantages of planting a tree. The poem opens with a rhetorical question asking the reader what does the planting of a tree signify. The poet emphases that when a tree is planted the sun and sky share their bounty like a friend with the earth. The tree which rises high helps in originating cool breezes , a home which is close to heaven for the birds to nest in and nurture their young ones. The music created by the humming poet reiterates that these are all the things that are created when a ree is planted.