1----Essay on My Schools?    	The education is a sacred trust. The school is the place where this treasure is transformed from one generation to another. This has been in place since the centuries. The school, therefore, is the real foundation stone of a nation. It prepares the better minds like engineers, doctors, politicians, scientists, warriors for tomorrow. A nation with no sound education system cannot progress in today’s world. In all of that, a best school like that ours, is a real gift. I am proud of my school that is counted in the list of the best ever schools. I am studying in school Presidency School. It is the best ever school in our vicinity. The beautiful building of my school welcomes us every day. My school has wide airy and excellent classrooms. We have a large open ground to play in our school. Our school has a small garden as well. The school is completely neat and tidy. The entire school staff is kind and motivated. We are like a family in our school. The teachers are very kind and cooperative. Our Principal is also a kind and competent man. We learn here practically under the kind command of our teachers. Our school is served with all necessary facilities like a central library, a computer lab, a big science lab and a big auditorium hall to celebrate national events. Extracurricular studies are the main focus of my school. Many of our fellows have won prizes for school in various activities like quiz competition, singing, dancing, tabloids, speech, dramas, cricket etc.  Our school keeps close coordination with the community. There are regular parent- teacher meetings. The parents are informed about the performance of their children in school. We are studying here like a family. The teachers here motivate us and guide us thoroughly. Education is in fact a sacred trust of humanity. The schools are doing their best in providing the quality education to help our humanity to survive and excel in all fields of life. It can be well said that without a true education system the human progress would not have been possible on this planet.-----8,,...2----When did God create teachers? Why is this creation a tremendous responsibility?    	His sixth day of his ‘overtime’. Teachers should have touched the lives of many impressionable children.-----2,,...3----What are the specifications for teacher?	Teacher must stand above all students to be at their level. He must be able to do 180 additional things which are not related to their taught subject. Teacher must have to run on coffee. He must be able to communicate as per his vital knowledge to all students daily. Teacher must have more time for others than for himself.-----2,,...4----Why do people find Orlando attractive?	Because he is young, brave, sweet tempered, and ill treated.-----2,,...5----What purpose does Scene i serve?	It shows the banished Duke; develops his character; rouses interest in him and his fortunes.-----2,,...6----What is presenting the most difficulty to God? Why does a teacher want three eyes?	There should be three pairs of eyes. “One pair is to see whether a student is doing or not and what others have to labeled them. The Second pair is the pair of eyes which is at the back of the teacher’s head to watch what should not be seen, but what must to be known. The third pair is the eyes in the front which is only to look at the child ‘acts out’ in order to reflect, “I understand and I still believe in you”, without so much as saying a word to the child.”-----4,,...7----What is the teacher’s tear for?	For the joy and pride watching a child accomplishes even it’s the smallest task to do. It is done for the loneliness of children who have a hard time to fit in it to compassionate feelings of their parents. This has been done when a teacher had to left the class and to say good bye to his students and get ready to welcome a new class.”-----4,,...8----Why did they sell their beautiful valuable things?    	They were so poor that they could not buy gifts to celebrate Christmas. They were in a helpless condition. At last, they decided to sell their beautiful valuable things to earn money to buy gifts for each other. It was a sign of great love and sacrifice for each other. Though their gifts were humble yet they seemed to contain all the wealth into them.-----4,,...9----What shows that Mini was a chatty girl?	Mini walked into her father's room and began, 'Dad, our sentry Ramdayal doesn't even know how to pronounce the word "crow." He is so backward'. She launched herself into another topic, 'See, Dad, Bhola was saying that when elephants lift water with their trunks and spray it from the sky, it rains. Dear, oh dear! Bhola can speak such nonsense. He can rant day and night, without making any sense!' Without waiting for her father's reply, she asked him the next question, 'Dad, who is Mum to you?' There was no connection between the three questions that she asked her father. Her father mentions in the beginning of the story that Mini liked to talk all day long. It took her about a year after being born to acquire the talent for language, and since then she had not wasted a single wakeful moment of her life remaining silent.-----5,,...10----Explain a few lines of 'The heart of the tree'? 	These lines have been taken from the poem, 'The Heart of a tree' by Henry Cuyler Bunnar. The poet comments on the advantages of planting a tree. The poem opens with a rhetorical question asking the reader what does the planting of a tree signify. The poet emphasises that when a tree is planted the sun and sky share their bounty like a friend with the earth. The tree which rises high helps in originating cool breezes , a home which is close to heaven for the birds to nest in and nurture their young ones. The music created by the humming poet reiterates that these are all the things that are created when a tree is planted.-----5,,...


