www.es Composting is
The is
question
is nature's way of recycling
Couposting bied gnadel saganic waste i.e.po hoaste, manure, are
leaves, ghostakuwinge, paper, woed, Reators, copresidue, etc,
uploaded on salon
coop
parte lo ustler on a field ab ekat serve as mulch and and
and turns et ento a valuable
us
they
Boil amendment end of solution
do
a question number. The becond law e metion gives us a juetied is
measure the behce atingou an object au la thoduct o its mans
mass and acceledation woule catching a fost imoving clicket hell
la fielder in the ground gradually
pulls his hands backwaads
noith the marig baie. Thus the hatto changea mameistung
fue ball not be lange. sue o seletube
3 questten weber cuess laceding is the process. A loceeding voitu
the intention to create a spune zuat suase tole tarate both
parent leveages on to produce an actual worth hybrid vigouy
iuppheveld or Eucleased function of
hy said offspring and
of any livelogical questing
4 question qumber. Tides are the rise audfall caused ley the
combined effects of the gravitatioual tokces exertedly the
Moon and the sun, and the hotation to the Earth, and
solution
ina
5 question numbes because sekunle he body moves in a cikculat
path its velocity at a potut es along the longest
dhawn from
that point with gives use to ne ceuthidal dence and in
the case of a satellite the
ceuthipital force
given buy leve its velocity.eud o santion
E questien muucer Because while the leady moves in a circular
path its velottig at a gerent is along
g the kengeut dhatom, dient
6
gal force and in
El est point beluch, gwes hise to the ce
the case. Ha satelskie Mhe. ceurlipitalulekce is geven say the
ga qurity go easih and control ugalthie is gluen beefy the
Nelotty
and of
solution
7 question numirea. This is liecause the atmospuenit carbon
diende in fixed linough natural processes like polos
publesqutbeisly plants and chemo bo synthes
buy maldine cuinalt. Ine inorganic carbon collipounds
aut converted to organic carbénic compounds and later
Quds milated by desting organismus, be it mutualiste, be
commensalisul on pathasite. The organismus, each termed
a Byubiorst, way be of the same. Tue cuarent aucount
of atmospueric los adout 409 ppmès already higher
than normal levels fence reduction & CO2 is encouraged
te pheveset globalcarming-end seldien
question www.sen. Symbiests is any type a close, and the
long-terus biological interaction between two different
biological engambus, lue it mutualistic, comment is tic,
et parasitic Tue organismes each tenned a gyuubicout, way
A the same on different species
Lieudo
a question wuniboa Paras Tuam is a relationship between
two things in vehich one y them (the parasite) benefits
from of lives the other, like fleas on
Parasites and it heet parecite, come thom pane-
ubeside" or "next to," and site,
"ehed or
dead." eeld a solution
8
he
meaning
mbaning
feed. "eild
HO
questcon number The Dehu saturated solution is weed in
chemistry to define a solution in colich no more solt
can be dissolved in the solvent. It is understood that
the saturation of the solution has been achieved when
as agas
any addational substance that is added results in a solid
precipitate of is let
an operates beften
que - Salubilety is a chemical prop
the soutte, the dissolve in a solven. It is measured in
thing
lenuss & the maximum amount o scute dissolved in a sol
solvent bat equilibbium. Centoliu substances are soluble
in all proportions worth a
given solvent, such as ethanol in
hatea
