1----Explain any two methods of biological manuring.	Composting: A process where farm organic waste materials like crop and vegetable waste,livestock excreta and refuse, domestic and sewage waste are decomposed in pits to produce compost or vermicompost. Green manure: The fields are grown with crops like sun hemp, legumes, guar, etc., and then mulched into the soil prior to cropping season. These crops turn into green manure and increase soil fertility.-----5,,...2----Explain how the second law of motion influences a cricket fielder while catching a ball. 	When the ball approaches the fielder, he lowers his hands to catch the ball to decrease the acceleration of the ball and reduce the impact of the force on his hands and prevent from hurting. If the high velocity of the ball is suddenly dropped to zero in a short time, then rate of change of momentum of the ball will be large and will fall on the fielder’s hand with huge impact, according to Newton’s second law of motion.-----7,,...3----Explain cross-breeding of cattle.	Cattle breeding: The reproduction of cows, buffaloes through inbreeding or selective hybridization is called cattle breeding. Inbreeding involves reproduction through natural mating of animals. Selective breeding involves the selection of parent animals with desired traits and allowing them to breed so as to produce offspring with the bestdesired qualities of both parent animals.-----5,,....4----Give reason:Tides rising above the surface level of the sea.	Tides rise above the sea because of the combined gravitational force of sun and moon on the earth.-----3,,...5----Give reason:Satellite follows a circular path because of uniform circular motion and centripetal force.	Satellite follows a circular path because of uniform circular motion and centripetal force.-----3,,...6----Give reason:A concert hall’s ceiling is mostly curved.	 The sound waves after reaching the curved ceiling reflect to reach all corners of the hall-----3,,...7----Although there is huge increase in carbon dioxide production by various human activities, the atmospheric carbon dioxide level is amounted in small quantities like around 409 parts per million. Explain the situation and its consequences.	Although there is huge increase in carbon dioxide production by various human activities, the atmospheric carbon dioxide level is amounted in small quantities like around 409 parts per million. This is because the atmospheric carbon dioxide is fixed through natural processes like photosynthesis by plants and chemo-bio synthesis by marine animals. The inorganic carbon compounds are converted to organic carbon compounds and later assimilated by living organisms. The current amount of atmospheric CO2 about 409 ppm is already higher than normal levels. Hence reduction of CO2 is encouraged to prevent global warming.-----7,,...8----Define Symbiosis.	Symbiosis: A close living interrelationship between two organisms of different species, where one or both are benefitted from each other’s coexistence. Example: Fungus growing on roots of host plant. The fungus helps the plants in better nutrient absorption through the roots and also protects the plants.-----5,,...9----Define Parasitism.	Parasitism: Parasitic plants get all its nutrients from its host plant but does not benefit the host plant in any way and sometimes may damage the host plant. Example: Climbers like cuscuta-----5,,...10----Explain saturation and solubility of a solution.	Solubility of a substance, solute, is its ability to dissolve in a solvent. At any given temperature, if the solute completely dissolves in a solvent to its maximum capability, then the solution is said to be a saturated solution. If the amount of solute is less than that of the saturation level, then it is said to be unsaturated solution. From this, the concentration of a solution can be determined which is the amount of solute present in a given amount of solution.-----7,,...	
	
