1----Monsoon is considered as a unifying bond because: The seasonal alternation of the wind systems and the associated weather conditions provide a rhythmic cycle of seasons. These monsoon winds binds the whole country by providing water for agricultural activities.A sense of unity is imposed by the monsoon.-----2----Human resource is different from other resources in many senses. Human resources need education, training and healthcare to develop. On the other hand, land and physical capital need money and physical inputs to develop. Land and physical capital are useless without human resources.-----3----Yes, it is true that modern farming methods require more inputs which are manufactured in industry. HYV seeds, insecticides, pesticides and chemical fertilizers needed for increasing the yield per hectare are all manufactured in industries. Farmers use farm machinery like tractors, threshers and also combined harvesters which are also manufactured in industries. Tube well equipment and water pumps used for irrigation are also manufactured in industries.-----4----The spread of electricity has helped the farmers of Palampur village. Electricity has transformed the system of irrigation. Electricity is used to run tube wells in the fields. The Persian wheels are being replaced by tubewells. Electricity is also used to run small businesses. It is also a cheap and pollution-free source of irrigation. Electricity is also used for domestic works like running fans and lighting tube lights. By 1970's, 200 hectares of land were irrigated producing cultivatable land for maximum output.-----5----The factors that led to the enclosure movement in England were the increase in prices of wool in the international market and the increased demand for foodgrains in England. Increase in Prices of Wool In the 16th century, the price of wool in the international market went up so the rich farmers wanted to expand wool production to earn higher profits. They were eager to improve their sheep breeds and keen on controlling large areas of land in compact blocks to allow improved breeding so they started building hedges around their holdings to separate their property from that of others. Increased Demand for Grain From the mid 18th century, the population of England expanded rapidly; more people were living in the cities and working in the factories. As urban population grew, demand for foodgrains increased and foodgrain prices rose.  Because of the war with France, trade was disrupted and import of grain from Europe declined, increasing prices of foodgrains in England. This encouraged landowners to enclose land and enlarge areas under grain cultivation, leading to the second enclosure movement.-----6----To understand the mechanism of the monsoons, the following facts are important.
The differential heating and cooling of land and water creates low pressure on the landmass of India while the seas around experience comparatively high pressure.
The shift of the position of Inter Tropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ) in summer, over the Ganga plain (this is the equatorial trough normally positioned about 5°N of the equator – also known as the monsoon trough during the monsoon season).
The presence of the high-pressure area, east of Madagascar, approximately at 20°S over the Indian Ocean. The intensity and position of this high-pressure area affects the Indian Monsoon.
The Tibetan plateau gets intensely heated during summer, which results in strong vertical air currents and the formation of high pressure over the plateau at about 9 km above sea level.
The movement of the westerly jet stream to the north of the Himalayas and the presence of the tropical easterly jet stream over the Indian peninsula during summer. High pressure in subtropical region of northern hemisphere, the pressure in the south of Indian Ocean tends to be low and vice-versa. This is known as the ‘Southern Oscillation’. Some other events such as ElNino, ENSO etc. are also connected to the mechanism of monsoons.-----7----The cold weather season begins from the November in northern India and stays till February. December and January are the coldest months in the northern part of India.The temperature gradually decreases during this period from the south to the north. For example, in Chennai 20°-25°C while it is 10°15°C in northern plains.
 Days are experienced warm while the nights are cold. Days are cut short while nights are longer. Himalayas experience snowfall, north east winds blow over the country. Wind blos from land to sea. MOst parts of the country experiences dry season. Tamil Nadu gets rain because of wind movement from sea to land.
A characteristic feature of the cold weather season over the northern plains is the inflow of cyclonic disturbances from the west and the north-west. The low pressure systems originate over the Mediterranean Sea and Western Asia and move into India along with the westerly flow. They cause the much needed winter rains over the plains and snowfall in the mountains. The total rainfall is accounted to around 70cm.
The peninsular region does not have a well defined cold season.  There is hardly any noticeable change in temperature pattern during winter due to the moderating influence of the sea.-----8----The President appoints the prime Minister of India and Council of Ministers and with the help Prime Minister's advice he/she distributes the portfolios to the Council of Ministers.
The preseident has Executive, Judicial and Legislative powers.
Legislative powers are:
The president summons both the Houses of the Parliament and prorogues them.
Can dissolve Lok Sabha.
Executive powers of a president are:
The president is responsible for a number of appointments.
President appoints prime minister the person most likely to command the majority of Lok Sabha.
The Judicial powers of president are:
The president appoints the Chief Justice of the Union Judiciary and other judges on the advice of the Chief Justice.
The President enjoys the judicial immunity.-----9----Farm workers at Palampur village get lower wages than the minimum wages fixed by the government. The minimum wages for a farm labourer is fixed at Rs 60 per day. But farm
labourers get only Rs 35 - 40. This happens because there is heavy competition for work among the farm labourer in rampur as worker are more and work is less, so people agree to work in lower wages. Due to less Demand and more supply there is great competion for work among the farm labourers. So they themselves agree to work at much lower wages than the fixed wages by the government. ALso most of the labourers in Palampur are unskilled.The large farmers knowing the condition, exploit this condition of excess supply, and force labourers to work for lower wages. The use of modern agricultural implements like tractors, threshers and harvestors also reduce the amount of agriculture labour required. This further intensifies the competition among the labourures looking for jobs.-----10----Multiple cropping and use of modern farming methods are two different ways of increasing production on the same piece of land. e.g.,    (i) Multiple Cropping When more than one crop is grown on a piece of land during the year it is known as multiple cropping.   (a) It is the most common way to increase production on a given piece of land.   (b) All farmers in Palampur grow at least two main crops; many are growing potato as the third crop in the past fifteen to twenty years.   (ii) Use of Modern Farming Methods Modern farming methods also help to increase the yield per hectare.   (a) Farmers of Punjab, Haryana and Western Uttar Pradesh were the first to try modern farming methods in India.   (b) The farmers in these regions set up tube wells for irrigation and made use of HYV seeds, chemical fertilizers and pesticides in farming.   (c) Some also used farm machinery like tractors and threshers, which made plugging and harvesting faster. They were rewarded with high yields of wheat, increasing from 1300 kg per hectare to 3200 kg per hectare with HYV seeds. 
























