1----The wort and hops are boil in the brew kettle to extract the hop resins and oils.This is where the action like sterlization, releasing of hop flavours, bitterness and aroma compounds, stopping if enzymatic process occurs. The vapours produced during the boil volatilise off - flavours. Hops are then added throughout the boil a different segments, saving the aroma (finishing) hops for use toward the end. The later they are added in the process, the more thcbvnmeir aromatics are emphasized and the less bitterness they import.The boil on average lasts between 45 and 90 minutes , depending on its intensity , the hop addition schedule , and volume of water the brewer expects to evaporate.-----2----The Chinese people themselves have several names for their own country.  zhong guo is the official name. It means literally middle or central country; kingdom or region and was based on the traditional view that China is the center of the civilized world surrounded by barbarians.China, the english name was derived from portugese in 19th century. The name is said to be derived from sanskrit and Persian. It is also said that the name is obtained from the Qin dynasty.-----3----The largest glacier in the world is an ice sheet, the Lambert Glacier in antartica. It covers an area of 13 million km and has 30m km of ice. 90% of earth’s mass is located here and
If it melts it causes a 58% increase in sea level.-----4----The current Imperial Palace is located on the former site of Edo Castle.It is the residence of Japan's Imperial Family.It is a park like area located in Chiyoda ward of Tokyo and contains buildings including the main palace, museum and offices.-----5----Hogan is an irish surname. If derived from Irish Gaelic, it means young. If derived from cornish, it means mortal.The meaning of the name is also reflected in Welsh which means stripling and means high in dutch.-----6----The work on One Thousand and One Nights is an old collection of folk tales so not really a single author. They were collected during islamic golden age 18th century to 14th century.-----7----The second season of breaking bad has 13 episodes which premiered from March 8, 2009 to may 31, 2009 with each episode approximately 47 minutes. It was broadcasted on Sundays at 7.00pm.-----8----When the ventricle is full, the tricuspid valve shuts. This prevents blood from flowing backward into the right atrium while the ventricle contracts. As the ventricle contracts, blood leaves the heart through the pulmonic valve into the pulmonary artery and to the lungs, where it is oxygenated.-----9----The Bowling Hall of Fame was established in 1993 and is located in the International Bowling Museum and Hall of Fame in Texas.-----10----" Will " Harold Ryan Munson is a fictional character potrayed by Jessee Soffer from September 2004 to March 2005.